---
title: October 7, 2020 Newsletter
permalink: /newsletter10072020/
layout: page
exclude: true
---
*This is a periodic newsletter of the interesting things we’ve seen and what we are thinking about in open source policy analysis.*

**AEI researchers offer a framework for estimating vaccine efficacy.**
Among the criteria for regulatory approval of a COVID-19 vaccine, the
vaccine must meet a minimum threshold for efficacy in trials. Since
vaccine trials are conducted on a sample of the population, efficacy
must be estimated with statistics. James Capretta and Scott Ganz (AEI)
released a new report and accompanying simulation model illustrating how
we may learn of a vaccine\'s efficacy before we understand its safety.
The project is now available in the [OSPC
Portfolio](https://www.ospc.org/portfolio/).
[Report](https://www.aei.org/research-products/report/awaiting-the-signal-assessing-the-efficacy-of-covid-19-vaccines/),
[Code](https://github.com/kieran-allsop/Vaccine-Efficacy)

**Open datasets from AEI\'s new survey center.** The [Survey Center on
American Life](https://www.americansurveycenter.org/) launched and
released a new open dataset. The center will measure and assess the
evolution of Americans\' views on \"critical issues in American public
and private life.\"
[Link](https://www.americansurveycenter.org/data/download-data/)

**A major US medical research organization will only fund open-access
research.** Adopting an open-access standard, Howard Hughes Medical
Institute, one of the US\'s largest funders of biomedical research, will
require all grantees to make their papers available to the public upon
publication.
[Link](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-020-02793-5?utm_source=Nature+Briefing&utm_campaign=101760e21d-briefing-dy-20201002&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_c9dfd39373-101760e21d-45631122)

**Open-source packages to access opioid disbursement data.** Journalists
from The Washington Post and researchers from the University of
Maryland, College Park, have released twin software packages, one in R
and one in Python, providing access to data from the Drug Enforcement
Administration\'s Automation of Reports and Consolidated Order System
from 2006 to 2014. The dataset tracks the disbursement of restricted
drugs throughout the US and includes point-of-sale distribution and
frequency of disbursement. Before use, consider your views on data
privacy. The authors note:  \"For a variety of reasons ranging from
patient confidentiality to protecting trade secrets, access to sub-state
ARCOS data is available only for approved requests (e.g. research or
litigation) (Grubbs, 2014). Recent litigation efforts by The Washington
Post, HD Media, and local journalists allowed for the public release of
an anonymized, large portion of the ARCOS database.\"
[Link](https://github.com/jeffcsauer/arcos_arcospy_information)

Edited by Matt Jensen, Peter Metz, and Jacob Chuslo


<br>

<script style="margin-left:-35px" src="//hello.aei.org/js/forms2/js/forms2.min.js"></script>
<form style="margin-left:-35px" id="mktoForm_1256"></form>
<script style="margin-left:-35px" >MktoForms2.loadForm("//app-sj19.marketo.com", "475-PBQ-971", 1256);</script>