---
title: November 04
permalink: /newsletter11042020/
layout: page
exclude: true
---
*This is a periodic newsletter of the interesting things we’ve seen and what we are thinking about in open source policy analysis.*

**A new Tax-Cruncher Joe Biden application.** A new Tax-Cruncher
application helps you understand how Biden’s proposed tax policies would
influence your own financial circumstances. Kyle Pomerleau (AEI) and
Peter Metz (AEI) created it.
[<u>Link</u>](https://compute.studio/AEIEconomics/Tax-Cruncher-Biden/)

**The New York Times releases COVID-19 data for university campuses.**
The New York Times has open-sourced data on coronavirus cases associated
with colleges and universities around the United States.
[<u>Link</u>](https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data/tree/master/colleges)

**Open-source software for renewable energy.** Led by the US Department
of Energy, the ExaWind software library houses tools for wind turbine
and wind power plant performance simulations. Leveraging one of the
world’s largest supercomputers, the software helps engineers design and
install efficient onshore and offshore wind turbines by simulating
complex wind power plant flow dynamics.
[<u>Link</u>](https://github.com/Exawind)

**Policy Simulation Library (PSL) launches “Demo Days” series.** In the
first PSL Demo Day, Matt Jensen (AEI) demonstrated how to specify a tax
policy reform with PSL projects.
[<u>Link</u>](https://youtu.be/AFJq4ZrwEqA)

**PSL featured on “Global Village” podcast**. Jason DeBacker (University
of South Carolina) was recently featured on the “Global Village”
podcast, where he demonstrated the capabilities of PSL models.
[<u>Link</u>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE6kPY-Iab0&feature=youtu.be)

Edited by Matt Jensen, Peter Metz, and Jacob Chuslo


<br>

<script style="margin-left:-35px" src="//hello.aei.org/js/forms2/js/forms2.min.js"></script>
<form style="margin-left:-35px" id="mktoForm_1256"></form>
<script style="margin-left:-35px" >MktoForms2.loadForm("//app-sj19.marketo.com", "475-PBQ-971", 1256);</script>